tools: update query-status descriptions of dm (#1653)
pingcap/docs: dev/reference/tools/data-migration/query-status.md

# Data Migration Query Status

This document introduces the query result, task status, and subtask status of Data Migration (DM).

## Query result

{{< copyable "" >}}

```bash
» query-status
```

```
{
    "result": true, # Whether the query is successful.
    "msg": "",      # Describes the cause of the unsuccessful query.

>     "tasks": [      # Replication task list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "tasks": [      # Migration task list.
```

        {
            "taskName": "test-1",           # The task name

>             "taskStatus": "Running",        # The status of the running task, including "New", "Running", "Paused", "Stopped", "Finished", and "Error".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "taskStatus": "Running",        # The status of the task, including "New", "Running", "Paused", "Stopped", "Finished", and "Error".
```

>             "workers": [                    # DM-worker list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            "workers": [                    # The list of DM-workers that are used by the task.
```

                "127.0.0.1:8262"
            ]
        },
        {
            "taskName": "test-2",
            "taskStatus": "Error - Some error occurred in subtask", # A subtask encounters an error and is paused.
            "workers": [
                "127.0.0.1:8262",
                "127.0.0.1:8263"
            ]
        },
        {
            "taskName": "test-3",
            "taskStatus": "Error - Relay status is Error",  # An error occurs in the Relay processing unit corresponding to a subtask that is in the Sync phase.
            "workers": [
                "127.0.0.1:8263",
                "127.0.0.1:8264"
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

> For detailed descriptions of `taskStatus` in a task, refer to [Task status](#task-status).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For detailed descriptions of `taskStatus` under the `tasks` section, refer to [Task status](#task-status).
```

> It is recommended that you use `query-status` by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you use `query-status` by the following steps:
```

1. Use `query-status` to check whether each on-going task is in the normal state.
2. If any error occurs in a task, use the `query-status <taskName>` command to see detailed error information. `<taskName>` in this command indicates the name of the task that encounters the error.

## Task status

> The status of a DM replication task depends on the status of each subtask assigned to DM-worker. For detailed descriptions of subtask status, see [Subtask status](#subtask-status). The table below shows how the subtask status is related to task status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The status of a DM migration task depends on the status of each subtask assigned to DM-worker. For detailed descriptions of subtask status, see [Subtask status](#subtask-status). The table below shows how the subtask status is related to task status.
```
